{
  "title": "Meetings",
  "story": [
    {
      "type": "paragraph",
      "id": "9aa49f594a5cf522",
      "text": "MARCH 8th Meeting notes (ad hoc)\nAfter Progress reporting, 5 items for discussion proposed:The potential role of our project in delivering on the public understanding of Distributed Ledger.Our working culture giving space to exchange more about ourselves in whatever appropriate way.Dil:Moving VOZ forwards - recording tonights transactionsA hard currency layer for VOZ \nAdding new members\n\nDAvid's suggestion that books be used as two -ended: a personal end, a project end - and that records of transaction might be 'integrated into  sections - making each transactoin more of a 'whole' - a nice thing, rather than just a list.\nMArian - Video edits nearly complete. Research on French film interns/volunteers \nRE; Andrew's cypherpunk reseach - David suggested that we might look to a presentation, and that this might be something that needed collaboration\nVideo editing software - DaVinci Resolve - free for simple use.\nDB: March 30: Brazil meetup - can we do something from then\nDB: mid-may - another hackathon at Newspeak - OR move it to the open.coop event, next line\nDB: Open.coop thing at Conway Hall - Oliver Sylvester - could we offer a hackathon to follow-on, or follow-in\n\ndiscussion on this: full week rather overwhelming (Dil, Andrew)\n\nBill: do a weekend one end of May, then another on AFTER open.coop- billing both as related to open.coop - then open.coop might be more about us presenting / participating / announcing\n\nDAVID: Next week proposes he will do 20 hours integrating \n\nDIL: do some integration with DAvid,  - adding links etc to darVOZ website, work up the hard currency prototype\n\nDil: might new members be brought in? David: Yes, , but carefully - his thought: that we need to get a little clearer about processes and culture, but yes. That we might think about limiting group sizes to the famous 7-9, and splitting rather than growing.\n\nANDREW: doing more work researching and documenting the timeline of currencies/crypto. David suggestion - look at Hawala, islamic finance, Sardex\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IExmQU_wOwk\n\nMARIAN: Finish the video, edit footage from Film notebook usage and editing that, also has been filimg this meeting. Has a meeting w friend in Peru, runs hackspace in Lima  -( initiaslly to talk about collaboration on the WorldCup.fm thing), but in the first case, to interview him about the activities there - how it works, are they aware of mutual credit? could it help them? \nAPPEAL TO ALL OF US: collect footage of ourselves doing VOZ realted stuff, and send her video, so that she can get footage.\n\nDAVID: Would like to bring Habib & Sophie from Bordeaux in to this group. Might Marian connect with people like this who are remote, but aligned - Julio in Brazil etc\n\nDIL might we begin to build a \"DeCentralise\" podcast channel (as it were) - interviewing / documenting / exposing the work of the people working\nANDREW: Floss podcast. https://twit.tv/episodes?filter[shows]=1639\nDAVID: hyperlinked podcast - nothing like that\n\nBILL: work on video from the 4Space\nBILL: develop javascript skill\n- Can we open a channel of comunication with Open.coop - wrt the ideas about related hackathons, possibilities for VOZ group to do presentations / support sessions / other interactions? \nBILL: Will contact Ollie and also talk to Fabian\n\nDAVID: how can we reconsider the things we are setting ourselves as tasks in terms of ways that we can exchange cpacities on the basis of VOZ payments, and leverage our skills / capacities / learn things from each other. \nCan we begin to build our interactions  with each other\n\n\nHA! I was dark red, which was awful (I mean, I like black on red in theory, as anarchist colours, but for readbility, god-awful) - but I have found out that I can change my colour - click on the coloured box at top right, and you can choose a colour to suit your mood)\nPat Conaghty - works at coops.uk, and NEF, does tech deve for coops UK\n\nBill is working with Pat in re: his coop currency idea.\n\nMichel Bauwens at p2p foundation documents an organisation called SMART that is a sort of secondary co-op for precariat workers.\n\n7th pillar of coop movement is education\n\nmutual credit coop currency can do both training AND trading\n\nedit to top post: PAt Conaghty is not tech dev, but tech outlook, as I think I understood it.\n\nBill: Convo with Fabian might be good. Has co-op called digital liberty. Has too low a turnover, wants to grow it. Could be a reverse takeover?\n\nWorks with Richard Barbrook\n\nRB likedBill's presentation\n\nhttps://twit.tv/episodes?filter[shows]=1639 is the show Dil might be describing"
    }
  ],
  "journal": [
    {
      "type": "create",
      "item": {
        "title": "Meetings",
        "story": []
      },
      "date": 1521207519827
    },
    {
      "item": {
        "type": "factory",
        "id": "9aa49f594a5cf522"
      },
      "id": "9aa49f594a5cf522",
      "type": "add",
      "date": 1521207520893
    },
    {
      "type": "edit",
      "id": "9aa49f594a5cf522",
      "item": {
        "type": "paragraph",
        "id": "9aa49f594a5cf522",
        "text": "MARCH 8th Meeting notes (ad hoc)\nAfter Progress reporting, 5 items for discussion proposed:The potential role of our project in delivering on the public understanding of Distributed Ledger.Our working culture giving space to exchange more about ourselves in whatever appropriate way.Dil:Moving VOZ forwards - recording tonights transactionsA hard currency layer for VOZ \nAdding new members\n\nDAvid's suggestion that books be used as two -ended: a personal end, a project end - and that records of transaction might be 'integrated into  sections - making each transactoin more of a 'whole' - a nice thing, rather than just a list.\nMArian - Video edits nearly complete. Research on French film interns/volunteers \nRE; Andrew's cypherpunk reseach - David suggested that we might look to a presentation, and that this might be something that needed collaboration\nVideo editing software - DaVinci Resolve - free for simple use.\nDB: March 30: Brazil meetup - can we do something from then\nDB: mid-may - another hackathon at Newspeak - OR move it to the open.coop event, next line\nDB: Open.coop thing at Conway Hall - Oliver Sylvester - could we offer a hackathon to follow-on, or follow-in\n\ndiscussion on this: full week rather overwhelming (Dil, Andrew)\n\nBill: do a weekend one end of May, then another on AFTER open.coop- billing both as related to open.coop - then open.coop might be more about us presenting / participating / announcing\n\nDAVID: Next week proposes he will do 20 hours integrating \n\nDIL: do some integration with DAvid,  - adding links etc to darVOZ website, work up the hard currency prototype\n\nDil: might new members be brought in? David: Yes, , but carefully - his thought: that we need to get a little clearer about processes and culture, but yes. That we might think about limiting group sizes to the famous 7-9, and splitting rather than growing.\n\nANDREW: doing more work researching and documenting the timeline of currencies/crypto. David suggestion - look at Hawala, islamic finance, Sardex\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IExmQU_wOwk\n\nMARIAN: Finish the video, edit footage from Film notebook usage and editing that, also has been filimg this meeting. Has a meeting w friend in Peru, runs hackspace in Lima  -( initiaslly to talk about collaboration on the WorldCup.fm thing), but in the first case, to interview him about the activities there - how it works, are they aware of mutual credit? could it help them? \nAPPEAL TO ALL OF US: collect footage of ourselves doing VOZ realted stuff, and send her video, so that she can get footage.\n\nDAVID: Would like to bring Habib & Sophie from Bordeaux in to this group. Might Marian connect with people like this who are remote, but aligned - Julio in Brazil etc\n\nDIL might we begin to build a \"DeCentralise\" podcast channel (as it were) - interviewing / documenting / exposing the work of the people working\nANDREW: Floss podcast. https://twit.tv/episodes?filter[shows]=1639\nDAVID: hyperlinked podcast - nothing like that\n\nBILL: work on video from the 4Space\nBILL: develop javascript skill\n- Can we open a channel of comunication with Open.coop - wrt the ideas about related hackathons, possibilities for VOZ group to do presentations / support sessions / other interactions? \nBILL: Will contact Ollie and also talk to Fabian\n\nDAVID: how can we reconsider the things we are setting ourselves as tasks in terms of ways that we can exchange cpacities on the basis of VOZ payments, and leverage our skills / capacities / learn things from each other. \nCan we begin to build our interactions  with each other\n\n\nHA! I was dark red, which was awful (I mean, I like black on red in theory, as anarchist colours, but for readbility, god-awful) - but I have found out that I can change my colour - click on the coloured box at top right, and you can choose a colour to suit your mood)\nPat Conaghty - works at coops.uk, and NEF, does tech deve for coops UK\n\nBill is working with Pat in re: his coop currency idea.\n\nMichel Bauwens at p2p foundation documents an organisation called SMART that is a sort of secondary co-op for precariat workers.\n\n7th pillar of coop movement is education\n\nmutual credit coop currency can do both training AND trading\n\nedit to top post: PAt Conaghty is not tech dev, but tech outlook, as I think I understood it.\n\nBill: Convo with Fabian might be good. Has co-op called digital liberty. Has too low a turnover, wants to grow it. Could be a reverse takeover?\n\nWorks with Richard Barbrook\n\nRB likedBill's presentation\n\nhttps://twit.tv/episodes?filter[shows]=1639 is the show Dil might be describing"
      },
      "date": 1521207524051
    }
  ]
}